

--- EXTRACTING PRD_ Fraud model and admin tool-2025081511001990.pdf ---
                                        
PRD: Fraud model and admin tool
                                        
Overview
 In order to scale and automate our fraud processes with expected business growth, we need to leverage our 
ML capabilities, intelligently score transactions, surface that information to the risk team, and pass back our 
internal team's decisions to improve the model. 
Description
Phase 1 comprises of building and training a fraud-speciﬁc model in SAVVI. Phase 2 will be focused on bringing 
the score into an admin portal tool used by the risk team to review transactions ﬂagged by the model. Their 
decisioning will be passed back to the model for additional training. Once the admin tool is live, we will work 
with the riskops team to determine a score threshold to have the model make automatic rejection decisions 
and have the team reviewing 'gray area' transactions. 
What
Phase 1: Train Fraud Model
Product Owner: @Adrienne Peters 
Lead Developer:  Jason Chen, Ricky Caraher
Slack:
Team:  Guard
Applicable Links: 
Initiative Link: Private ( )
Lucid Design:  
Scoping Link: 
https://app.clickup.com/t/10563802/GRD-818  https://lucid.app/lucidchart/55e30193-4f5f-48db-bad7-6d4114d26225/edit
Deﬁne and collect needed inﬂuencers1. 
Variables:a. 
Amount of transaction•
Total pending transactions•
Pending balance•
Days since customer creation•
Days since bank account linked•
Merchant id•
Email domain•
Reputation Level•
Day of week of transaction•
Merchant industry•
Ba

--- EXTRACTING PRD_ Switchboard - Vendor Agnostic User Authentication Middleware-2025081511004959.pdf ---
                                        
PRD: Switchboard - Vendor Agnostic User Authentication 
Middleware
                                        
Links:
Design: 
 
 
Objective
Build a ﬂexible internal middleware authentication service that supports multi-provider user authentication and 
veriﬁcation. This service will abstract the dependency on a single vendor by adopting a many-to-one 
architecture, enabling modular and interchangeable integrations for user, phone, and device veriﬁcation.
Goals
Architecture Approach
Core Features & Requirements
1. User Identity Veriﬁcation
Purpose: Conﬁrm a user’s identity using external KYC providers.
Requirements:
https://lucid.app/lucidchart/4ceb257a-f758-4f64-9fd3-1a4edf92bf02/edit?  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nvp2aOG4JwlLgCKp4z0o-IPrrxVuTgGnzUdEMNc0zKA/edit?
tab=t.0#heading=h.uczdedg71f5  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h1ajlxy5PMgu8ZJKWOWhT8ALRKhSYGqrXMcXAoGxw_M/edit?
tab=t.0
Reduce reliance on any single third-party provider.•
Improve ﬂexibility for vendor evaluation and negotiation.•
Ensure comprehensive user validation across identity, phone, and device signals.•
Middleware Layer: Acts as a uniﬁed interface to abstract away vendor-speciﬁc implementations.•
Many-to-One Design:•
Pluggable architecture to allow testing and switching between multiple vendors, with the ability to 
weight vendors higher based on cost, relationship, etc. •
Centralizes API calls for veriﬁcation logic while allowing diﬀerent veriﬁcation strat

--- EXTRACTING Subscriptions 2.0 PRD.pdf ---
                                        
Subscriptions 2.0
                                        
Overview
Aeropay’s current subscription system is built on legacy infrastructure that limits scalability, ﬂexibility, and 
merchant usability. This initiative aims to revive and modernize subscriptions by redesigning the backend 
architecture and delivering essential, merchant- and user-centric features: intelligent retry logic (Aeroﬁx), 
upgrade/downgrade ﬂows, pause/resume and cancellation options, customizable plan names, automatic 
notiﬁcations, and ﬁnancial reporting tools. The new solution will enhance reliability, transparency, and revenue 
recovery, driving higher adoption among merchants and a better experience for subscribers. Overall Lift to get 
our subscriptions to a scalable state is an XL tshirt size. 
What (Scope)
A complete re-architecture and feature expansion of the subscription engine, including:
Why (Business & User Value)
Product Owner: @Trisha Doran @Jatin 
Lead Developer:  
Slack:
Team: 
Applicable Links: 
Initiative Link:
Scoping Link: 
Smart retry logic system (Aeroﬁx) to recover failed payments•
Merchant ability to rename, update, or remove subscription plans•
Customer-initiated upgrades, downgrades, pause/resume, and cancellation ﬂows•
Automated customer notiﬁcations for plan price changes or discontinuations•
Excel export of subscription data for reconciliation•
Migration from legacy Flask to scalable AWS Lambda/Step Functions architecture•
UI enhan

--- EXTRACTING Universal Merchant-2025081511290274.pdf ---
                                        
Universal Merchant
                                        
Overview
Universal Merchant seeks to enable merchants and partners to leverage our network of products. The use could 
be for a single product, like sync, or the entire network suite. Given that we do not have proper support of a 
partner relationship in our platform or the full foundation needed for a scalable merchant conﬁguration, we will 
need to address this as part of Universal merchant. 
Description
The primary focus will be creating a scalable hierarchy for our client conﬁguration. With this conﬁguration we 
will need to ensure that all parts of the Aeronetwork are leveraging Aeropass. Once the hierarchy and Aeropass 
are completed, we can then focus on extending the support to our Admin and Merchant portals. 
What
Pass Compatibility/Preparation
Aerosync and Aeropay (websdk) already leverage Aeropass at the user level. We will need to extend this to the 
Aeropay API so that the foundation of Aeropass functionality is consistent. 
Merchant Realignment
Expanding Conﬁguration Levels
At present we have two levels of conﬁguration, Merchant and Merchant Location. These two levels have been 
forced into functionality that they were not intended for and has resulted in lack of clarity when conﬁguring 
new accounts. With interviewing our client facing teams and understanding our data sets, it can be resolved by 
expanding our levels and introducing a scalable hierarchy. This hi

--- EXTRACTING Vendors and Pricing details-2025081511005785.pdf ---
                                        
Vendors and Pricing details
                                        
Trestle 
Per Adam, football season should put us at 500k tier
Geocomply
Annual GeoComply 
Revshare 
GeoComply Cost
Tier 1 $0-$250,000 $0.25 per IDComply Lookup
$0.01 per device ﬁngerprinting
Tier 2 $250,001-$500,000 $0.12 per IDComply Lookup
$0.01 per device ﬁngerprinting
Tier 3 $500,001+ $0.00 unlimited use
Socure 
Prove
Revenue Share: A percentage-based revenue-sharing model where GeoComply and Aeropay will share 
revenue generated from referred business bidirectionally.•
For Merchants introduced to GeoComply or Aeropay by the other party: 25% of net revenue•
For Merchants that Aeropay enables a GeoComply/Aeropay solution: 10% of net revenue•
                                    
                        
